The system I used to describe progressions emerged as I iterated through the possibilities and it was not based on any theoretical classification of emotion. This was done because I didn't want to introduce preconceived notions regarding what the music would or would not express. For each progression I basically tried to describe what I felt using terms I had already used, and if something felt off about that description, I would introduce a new term. Only once I had completed the survey did I start to classify the terms. Sometimes, the response I could provide seemed absurd or unlikely to be considered an emotion (e.g. "progress", "sleep", "pain"), but the sensation was characteristic and I could find no better term for it. I don't deny the possibility that some terms could describe the same sensation (e.g., possibly "scary" vs. "fear"), since filling out the survey required multiple sessions stretched over 3 days and some terms could have been forgotten, but I consider it rare. If it occurs anywhere, it will occur at the start of the survey when I was still formulating terms.

Sometimes, the progression simply sounded non-musical, or if it was musical, I couldn't fit the progression to any description so it felt as if the progression would basically function as "filler" if it was included in a composition. When either of these two situations occurred, my response would be blank, but I did not distinguish which one was non-musical and which one was filler. Sometimes, the feeling of listening to the progression was what I could only describe as "anhedonia", or an absence of feeling anything. "Anhedonia" is distinctly different from "filler". "Filler" could serve to portray a variety of emotions in composition, whereas anhedonia I felt could only serve one purpose, which was to portray the lack of emotion.

Sometimes, a transition between chords would be jarring and cause a feeling of disorientation, but not so much to cause apprehension, horror, or shock. I felt these progressions wouldn't typically find use, but I still felt they could serve some niche purpose to portray confusion. Where this occurred, I annotated the progression as "confused". Confused progressions come in varying degrees of confusion and I mostly did not annotate the degree this occurred.

"Ambiguous" and "Ambivalent" are different concepts. An "ambiguous" progression could be interpreted in one of several ways, whereas "ambivalent" progression portrays the feeling of not caring, perhaps moreso than nuance but lessso than anhedonia. Neither does "ambiguous" mean "filler", since "ambiguous" progressions were generally intriguing for their ambiguity, whereas "filler" was generally disinteresting.

Music not only portrays emotion but the way emotion changes over time. I sometimes use terms to indicate the first derivative ("growing") and second derivative ("sudden") of emotion with respect to time. Othertimes the change would be implied by a single word (e.g. "shock", "relief") if it felt more appropriate. 

"filler"
"improbable"

ambig*

∅ nuanc* ambiv* anhedonia

annoy*  	
apprehens* 	
confus* 	
bewildered
shock   	

relie*
rest*
cohere*
comfortable
calm
peaceful

fear
horr*
scary
threat 	suggests a danger, but one that can be confronted

pain*
wrongness
miserable

sad
somber
sorrow*
mournful

bittersweet

happy
bliss*
love

build
anticipation

sacred
wonder*
revelation
myster*

glorious
imperious

foreboding
ominous

beaut*
intrigue
intrica*
harmon*

resolution
finality

clarity
comedic
compelling
complex*
concern*
creepy
dark
desp*
diminishing
disappoint*
epiphany
extreme*
false
growing
hope
mild
moody
musical
oncoming
optim*
pensive
progress*
redemption

simplification
sleep
solace
still
subdued
succor
sudden*
sustained
tension
threat
threatening
triumphant
urgent

